Clarify GiB unit for storage (#1125)
neondatabase/website: content/release-notes/2022-12-06-console.md

- UI: Updated the passwordless auth feature to show the branch name on the browser page that is displayed during authentication.
- UI: Updated the **Create branch** page to display the local timezone when selecting the **Time** option during branch creation.
- UI: Removed branches without endpoints from the branch selector in Neon SQL Editor. To query a branch, the branch must have an associated endpoint through which a connection can be established.

> - UI: Added a **Free tier** widget to the Neon **Dashboard**, which shows how many branches and endpoints you have created and the status of your free tier limits. The widget also shows the data size limit per branch, which is 3GiB. For information about Free Tier limits, see [Neon Technical Preview Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UI: Added a **Free tier** widget to the Neon **Dashboard**, which shows how many branches and endpoints you have created and the status of your free tier limits. The widget also shows the data size limit per branch, which is 3 GiB. For information about Free Tier limits, see [Neon Technical Preview Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier/).
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed,
